you've got to go home but I like it here
gotta get home and get the earrings that
get you barred from me okay Jen wants me
to wear them tonight okay well I think
they're in my purse hi I need those
earrings you borrowed thank you
wait Rach where's the other one Oh what
you on both of them Rachel Karen green
where's the other earring I kind of lost
it I'm gonna tell Monica she wants to
wear them tonight tell her to wear all
earrings these are her earrings no you
let me Monica's earrings I'm not allowed
to borrow her stuff
why not because I lose her stuff I
suppose I could tell it was just on my
phone oh I lost one of your earrings I'm
sorry I am so so sorry
all right well I mean what can you do if
you lost it a lot okay wait a minute
listen tonight this it's not Phoebe's
fault I lost it I'm so sorry hon I feel
terrible too that is exactly why I do
not lend you stuff